## If at first you don't succeed, fry - fry a hen.
* I've always enjoyed learning, figuring things out, and **making connections between disparate knowledge bases.** I also have always loved art, design, and making things.
* I achieved my B-Arch, a 5 year architecture degree. Along the way, I got my first taste of working with technical programs, including parametric 3D modeling software and scripting languages. I was amazed at how fulfilling it felt to **creatively synthesize information and goals into a novel, flexible design solution** that could morph based on changes to the inputs. I also loved **designing graphics giving presentations** to communicate how my designs served user needs. However, I understood that real-world architecture work predominately involves tweaking preexisting, uninspiring solutions, with far less exciting problem solving than you do in architecture school.
* After school, I worked in property tax assessment for seven years, where I **collected and analyzed** real estate and business personal property data to determine equitable property appraisals, and tax rates, **building models** to predict property sale values as accurately as possible to generate fair tax bills for property owners. I liked working to **uphold fairness and integrity,** and I loved working with the data, but due to State laws in my jurisdiction, I was stuck with data sets too small to allow for advanced statistical analysis; I also frequently ran up against superiors who pushed me to distort my analysis and make models that illegally favored certain groups or individuals.
* After leaving a particularly corrupt office, I took a few years off to renovate and flip houses, grow my family, and **reflect** on where I wanted to be. I realized that **working with data to affect real-world change** was a unifying thread running through my experiences. Now, I'm excited to use data analysis and data science to help people understand their world and achieve their goals.
